Add an article for the standard provided views (#191)
SRGSSR/castor: Sources/Castor/Castor.docc/Articles/user-interfaces/standard-views-article.md

# Standard Views

@Metadata {
    @PageColor(purple)
    @PageImage(purpose: card, source: standard-views-card, alt: "An image depicting Google Cast buttons and player views.")
}

User friendly default views.

## Overview

``Castor`` provides modern SwiftUI views that are easier to integrate. These views also come with APIs to create fully custom player interfaces if you prefer to design your own experience.

## Castor standard views

Castor includes several built-in views to cover common Cast use cases. Below are examples for the main components: ``CastButton``, ``CastMiniPlayerView``, and ``CastPlayerView``.

> > Tip: By default, the provided views uses the `.accentColor`. You can change this color using the `.foregroundStyle` modifier, but note that this will not affect the color within the child views or the ``SwiftUI/Slider`` color. To update the default `accentColor` in the view displayed by the ``CastButton``, use the `.tint` modifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Tip: By default, the provided views use the `.accentColor`. You can change this color using the `.foregroundStyle` modifier, but note that this will not affect the color within the child views or a ``SwiftUI/Slider`` color. To update the default `accentColor` in the view displayed by the ``CastButton``, use the `.tint` modifier.
```

### Cast button

``CastButton`` is a SwiftUI view that displays a receiver selection popover (or a modal sheet, depending on the available width) and automatically reflects the current connection state.

> For example, you can add the button to the top-right corner like this:
> 
> ```swift
> struct ContentView: View {
>     @EnvironmentObject private var cast: Cast
> 
>     var body: some View {
>         Color.clear
>             .toolbar {
>                 CastButton(cast: cast)
>             }
>     }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can add a Cast button to a toolbar as follows:

```swift
struct ContentView: View {
    @EnvironmentObject private var cast: Cast

    var body: some View {
        Color.clear
            .toolbar {
                ToolbarItem(placement: .topBarTrailing) {
                    CastButton(cast: cast)
                }
            }
    }
}
```
```

> Note: To create a custom Cast button, you can rely on ``CastIcon``, which automatically animates based on the current ``Cast/connectionState`` and reflects the appropriate connection status. You can then choose to display the list of available devices (``Cast/devices``), or trigger a custom experience such as presenting your own device picker or integrating the action into an existing part of your UI.

### Mini and expanded views

> Important: These views will not be displayed unless a connection to a receiver device has been established and a content is being loaded.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->
@TabNavigator {
    @Tab("Mini") {

>         ``CastMiniPlayerView`` shows a compact view of the current Cast playback. You can add the mini-player view at the bottom like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ``CastMiniPlayerView`` displays a compact view of the current Cast playback. Add the mini player to the bottom of your interface as follows:
```

        ```swift

>         struct ContentView: View {
>             @EnvironmentObject private var cast: Cast
> 
>             var body: some View {
>                 VStack {
>                     Spacer()
>                     CastMiniPlayerView(cast: cast)
>                         .frame(height: 64)
>                         .padding()
>                 }
>             }
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        struct ContentView: View {
            @EnvironmentObject private var cast: Cast

            var body: some View {
                Color.clear
                    .safeAreaInset(edge: .bottom) {
                        CastMiniPlayerView(cast: cast)
                    }
            }
        }
```

        ```
    }

    @Tab("Expanded") {

>         ``CastPlayerView`` displays a full player interface with connection status, artwork, and playback controls. You can display the expanded-player when the mini-player is tapped like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ``CastPlayerView`` presents a full player interface with connection status, artwork, and playback controls. Display the expanded player when the mini player is tapped, as follows:
```

        ```swift

>         struct ContentView: View {
>             @EnvironmentObject private var cast: Cast
>             @State private var isPresented = false
> 
>             var body: some View {
>                 VStack {
>                     Spacer()
>                     CastMiniPlayerView(cast: cast)
>                         .frame(height: 64)
>                         .padding()
>                         .onTapGesture { isPresented.toggle() }
>                         .sheet(isPresented: $isPresented) {
>                             CastPlayerView(cast: cast)
>                         }
>                 }
>             }
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        struct ContentView: View {
            @EnvironmentObject private var cast: Cast
            @State private var isPresented = false

            var body: some View {
                Color.clear
                    .safeAreaInset(edge: .bottom) {
                        CastMiniPlayerView(cast: cast)
                            .onTapGesture { isPresented.toggle() }
                    }
                    .sheet(isPresented: $isPresented) {
                        CastPlayerView(cast: cast)
                    }
            }
        }
```

        ```
    }
}
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

> Note: If these views do not meet your needs, you are free to create your own views from scratch. ``Castor`` provides low-level APIs that are also used by our standard views.

## Google Cast views

Google Cast provides default views for sender applications, including the Cast button and mini/expanded player UIs.  

- `GCKUICastButton`  
- `GCKUIStyleAttributesMiniController`  
- `GCKUIStyleAttributesExpandedController`

> > Note: The default Google Cast views are functional but not very modern appearance and can be challenging to customize. For more details, refer to the Google Cast iOS Sender UI customization [guide](https://developers.google.com/cast/docs/ios_sender/customize_ui#style_hierarchy). Additionally, to integrate these views into a SwiftUI interface, you will need to bridge them using `UIViewRepresentable` or `UIViewControllerRepresentable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default Google Cast views are functional but not very modern appearance and can be challenging to customize. For more details, refer to the Google Cast iOS Sender UI customization [guide](https://developers.google.com/cast/docs/ios_sender/customize_ui#style_hierarchy). Additionally, to integrate these views into a SwiftUI interface, you will need to bridge them using `UIViewRepresentable` or `UIViewControllerRepresentable`.
```
